22/02/2002

Introduction
============

This is the README file for SputCoach, the coach for the Karlsruhe 
Brainstormers RoboCup team. It should help you to get started using 
the coach. Refer to README.modules for information how to add your 
own modules to the coach.

Modules
=======

SputCoach has a modular structure, that makes it possible to add 
additional functionality without changing the complete coach code. 
Furthermore, different functionalities are separated and can be 
worked on without interfering. And last but not least it is possible 
to load only some selected modules, thus saving ressources and 
calculation time. You don't need to load offline coach capabilties 
when you are in a competition, do you?

Adding new modules is easy, because there is a clear and simple 
interface. Please refer to README.modules to get information how to 
add you own module.

For getting information on the available SputCoach modules, you 
should check the README files in the modules/ directory.

Usage
=====
All options may be specified in the config file, which is coach.conf 
as default. Use '-conf filename' to specify a different file name. 
Additionally, you may set some of the more important options on the 
command line. Enter 'SputCoach -help' to view a list of the available 
command line options. 

Some options found in the config file are explained here:

*** NOTE: The format of some of the options explained here is subject
          to change in order to keep it consistent. Probably I will
          introduce CamelCase for most of the options. 
          Also, there will be some more options soon.

-interactive: Set this to 1 if you want to enable the keyboard input
      feature. This _must_ be 0 if you want to run the coach in the
      background (e.g. when used in a startup script)! It also should
      be 0 when used in a competition.

-log_dir: Set the directory for putting logfiles. This should be the
      same that you use for your agents.

-log-lev: Specify the max log level that will be logged.

-log_[def|err|vis|msg|fld|int]:
      Set log options for each of the available log classes. The first
      digit means stdin, the second stderr and the third means the
      logging to a file. The log classes are:
        
        * def: misc stuff not matching into one of the other classes
	* err: error messages and warnings
        * vis: visualisation information (for showing in logplayer)
        * msg: stuff belonging to messages and the parser
        * fld: information concerning the field (or world model)
        * int: coach intention information

-LoadModules = <string>:
      This string contains the names of all modules that should be
      loaded, separated by commas. You always should load ModCore, 
      since it contains core functionalities. Also, check possible
      dependencies before disabling a module.

Troubleshooting
===============
SputCoach (used as an online coach) needs to be started after at 
least one normal player is already on the field. The soccer server 
won't accept the connection if there are no players on the field. 
Please note that you have to set the same team name for both 
SputCoach and agents.

ToDo
====
- Add offline coach capabilities
- Create some useful modules ;-)
- Write a better README
